Oh little sister
Little sister, little sister, what's the matter, little sister?
Little sister little sister what's wrong
What's wrong, Zhang Feng?
What should I do if my little sister seems to have fainted?
Get on the bed
How is Zhang Feng?
Is my little sister okay?
Sister Mei, don't worry.
Let me see it.
Patient symptoms, cardiopulmonary failure, asphyxia.
Cure Ghost Gate 13 stitches
How is Zhao Feng?
Is my little sister still alive?
Sister Mei took off Xiaomei's shirt
He had heart and lung failure.
Generally, this situation is difficult to save
But I have a special stitch
Not so sure
Just have a try
Then you hurry up and give my little sister a try.
I must save my little sister, don't worry.